coreos-base/coreos: Add pigz to production image (#2504)
flatcar/coreos-overlay: changelog/changes/2023-03-09-pigz.md

> - Added pigz to the production image. The parallel gzip implementation is useful to speed up the decompression time spent for large container image imports/exports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `pigz` to the image, a parallel gzip implementation, which is useful to speed up the (de)compression for large container image imports/exports ([coreos-overlay#2504](https://github.com/flatcar/coreos-overlay/pull/2504))
```
